Story/external registry process (#106)
vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk: doc/config.md

## Global config.json

- `default_container_registry_path` (string, optional): Specifies the default container registry path to be used by [mp-build](mp-build.md) any time the local **config.json** file doesn't contain a container registry. This key value should contain the path used to [tag](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/tag/) and push images to a new repository. For example: 
 ``` json
{
    "default_container_registry_path" : "projects.registry.vmware.com/vmware_aria_operations_integration_sdk/",
    "projects" : ["/user/management-packs/adapter"]
 }
 ```

Will by used by `mp-build` to suggest a tag with the following format:

```shell
mp-build
Building adapter [Finished]
Waiting for adapter to start [Finished]
mp-build needs to configure a container registry to store the adapter container image.
Enter the tag for the container registry: projects.registry.vmware.com/vmware_aria_operations_integration_sdk/adaptername
```

> - `projects` (array of strings): This array of strings is used by the SDK tools to track the locations of the projects. Each string value is a project location, formatted as a **UNIX** or **DOS** path (host OS). Tracking the location of each project allows the SDK tools be used anywhere in the console besides the project directory. Every time a project is created using [mp-test](mp-test.md) or built from the root directory of the project using `mp-build`, they are automatically appended to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `projects` (array of strings): This array of strings is used by the SDK tools to track the locations of the projects. Each string value is a project location, formatted as a **UNIX** or **DOS** path (host OS). Tracking the location of each project allows the SDK tools be used anywhere in the console besides the project directory. Any time a new project is created, tested, or built, the project is automatically appended to the list. Projects that no longer exist in the specified location are automatically removed.
```
